She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
The bully at school was mean to everyone except me.
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
I didn't know what to wear to my best friend's funeral.
She went to Oktoberfest and got drunk on half a stein of beer.
I want the stability of a full-time job, but I'm not interested in the rigidity of working nine to five.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once.
Growing up in Texas was very fun, and very muddy.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
I like articles deemed fake news because they are entertaining.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
If you ask for my number, I might give it to you.
I studied ethics in school because everything else bored me.
When she got her new ID, they hole-punched her old one.
She wanted to paint her walls blue, which she thought was a calming color, but her landlord had a no-paint policy.
I love bacon, eggs, and orange juice for breakfast.
Why not go back to them and tell them you changed your mind?
Lenora only had eight fingers, after losing both of her pinkies to a freak accident with a hay baler.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Why would he go to all that effort for a free pack of ranch dressing?
My sister likes to eat cheese on her peanut butter sandwich and pickles on her ice cream.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
You use this when someone is very afraid or very sick.
As a kid, she thought that dinosaurs were still alive and lived in the woods behind her house.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
He was so surprised that he dropped the dumbbells right on his foot.
Healthy beautiful smiles are what we like to see.
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
Teach a boy to fish and he gets bored quickly and plays with the worms instead.
She fell and got a bruise on her thigh that was shaped like Texas.
I'll have to blow out my gas stove for my birthday, since I don't have any candles.
My pet Roger is white and fluffy and he loves to eat carrots.
I think we’ve got just enough time to learn a few more irregular verbs.
In her dreams, she was a Health and Wellness Reporter at the New York Times, but she knew she had a long way to go before she would get there.
If you could buy anything you wanted, what would you buy?
Where can I find a decent sandwich around here?
What kind of sentence are you looking for anyway?
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
You can decide before your flight here on Thursday morning.
It is very useful to listen to Lesson One again.
She wanted to find a job that paid well but didn't require her to do any work.
That house is small, but it's big enough for us.
Most of the people who agreed to sell their livers had already sold one of their kidneys.
She really didn't like the color pink, but she loved purple.
I am often drinking alcohol for relief from my pain/sadness.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
Yes, philosophically speaking, all tweets are bad, but to be fully human is to rebel against this fact – to send our terrible tweets out into the universe anyway.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
He carried the bananas in a cardboard box on his head.
She liked mustard and onions on her hotdog, but nothing else.
At first, he was very excited by the salary of his new job in New York,  but then he realized how expensive it was to live there.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
It was raining so badly that she skidded on the pavement.
She really wanted to go out to a diner and eat some greasy toast and eggs for breakfast.
How long does it really take to heal from a bullet wound?
Are you really going to ignore me, after everything that happened yesterday?
I got my hair cut today, and they cut it way too short.
She had a hard time finding laundry detergent when she was traveling.
Every time she left the apartment, she was scared she'd come home to find all her valuables stolen or irreparably burned in a horrible fire.
Her editor's feedback was very frustrating to her.
She was dying to get breakfast out, but she couldn't afford it.
I recently lost $140 at the Casino in Cleveland because of multiple poor decisions on my part.
The crowd gave the winner a round of applause.
I make bread for the holidays because it's the easiest job, and the only one I can do.
It is a myth that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
Her hat was green, her mittens were yellow, and her coat was orange.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
You might think you’re just not that talented.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
He had always wanted to be a Youtuber but never thought it would actually happen.
When I was a child, our house seemed bigger than now.
I’m reconsidering my decision to get such an expensive car.
Do you mind waiting an extra hour so I can read more of my book?
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Are you sure you don't have anything bigger?
What are some things you don’t like to do and why?
She gave up on babysitting after she had to change the baby's first diaper.
She got a cherry glazed donut and a black coffee.
The principle of fecundity says everything imaginable exists in some place.
She only paid six dollars for it, then sold it online for forty-two.
She was wearing a white sweatshirt under a black winter coat.
Nikita is a perfectly respectable businessman.
The horse was named Sir Reginald the Greatest and Grossest.
When she saw the sky, she knew it was going to rain.
The book about women's rights was so profound it made her cry.
the number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
The Queen of England lives in Buckingham Palace.
She was always worried that everyone secretly hated her.
Looking at the last few lessons, I see we have made some real improvements.
She likes scrambled egg whites, but not scrambled eggs.
Karl Marx actually thought that under capitalism poets would be able to find work that paid wages.
My biggest problem is deciding what to do next.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
Running along the golf course, she tripped and twisted her ankle.
